

    Cocoon, Version 4.0
    Copyright 1995-2000  Jeff Kotula


    The Cocoon utilities are used to extract HTML documentation pages
    from specially formatted C or C++ header files.  For a full
    description of the usage of the utilities, lists of known problems,
    lists of coming attractions, sample Cocoon output, etc.,
    refer to the Cocoon website.


    The Cocoon utilities are composed of seven executables: cobweb, keyweb,
    anchorword, lineage, cocoon, recombine, and relativize.  The cocoon task
    is the main routine.  It invokes the other utilities to produce the
    documentation files.


    The distribution consists of the following files:

	README		-- this file
	Makefile	-- what else? (Note: Some users have reported problems
			   with the Makefile being in DOS format after
			   unpacking onto a Unix variant. Just strip off the
			   extra characters and everything will be fine...)

			-- header files
	cobweb.h	-- goes with cobweb.cpp
	cocoon.h	-- goes with cocoon.cpp
	sys.h		-- goes with sys.cpp
	util.h		-- goes with util.cpp

			-- source code
	anchorword.cpp	-- main for the anchorword executable
	cobweb.cpp	-- main for the cobweb executable
	cocoon.cpp	-- main for the cocoon executable
	custom.cpp	-- customization information handling
	handlers.cpp	-- source code processing
	keyweb.cpp	-- main for the keyweb executable
	lineage.cpp	-- main for the lineage executable
	recombine.cpp	-- main for the recombine executable
	relativize.cpp  -- main for the relativize executable
	sys.cpp		-- OS-dependent utilities
	util.cpp	-- generic utilities

			-- helpers
    	coclogo.gif	-- image file for the Cocoon logo
	srchkey.pl	-- perl script for keyword searching
	srchform.htm	-- page for searching


    The make file is for Unix compilers and the Visual C++ compiler for NT,
    but could be adapted fairly easily other compilers.  All the
    OS-dependent functions are implemented in sys.cpp, so OS ports can be
    accomplished by modifying just the one file.  Please contact me if you
    do a port so that I can incorporate it into the distribution.


    To install Cocoon locally, use the make file to create the other
    executables.  Copy all the executables to some directory on your path.
    That's it.


    Please contact me at jkotula@stratasys.com if you have questions/comments,
    or hot stock tips.

